README.md, before:

README
======

What is DocumentorBundle?
----------------

DocumentorBundle is a bundle for Symfony2 project that enables generation of project's documentation with app/console command, after which documentation is
accessible with the browser by entering the location of the newly generated documentation.


Features
--------

DocumentorBundle sports the following:

* *Generates documentation with a simple console command.
* *No need to enter source and target paths.
* *Configurable so that it only works in development environment.


Requirements
------------

DocumentorBundle requires the following:

* PHP 5.3.3 or higher
* [phpDocumentor2](https://github.com/phpDocumentor/phpDocumentor2) 
* phpdoc command callable


Installation
------------

Go to your project directory and add the following line to "require" list in composer.json file:

```php
"artur-gajewski/phpdocumentor-bundle": "dev-master"
```

Now run the Composer:

```php
php composer.phar install
```

Finally, add the bundle into AppKernel.php file in your Symfony2 project.

```php
$bundles[] = new \Aga\DocumentorBundle\DocumentorBundle();
```

Thats it! If you wish to install this bundle manually, install the contents of this package into src/Aga/DocumentorBundle folder.


How to use DocumentorBundle?
----------------------------

Go to your project root and run the command:

    $ app/console documentation:create

This command will go through your src folder and created documentation based on the files within that folder.

Once the generation of documentation is complete, you need to install the assets into the web folder:

    $ app/console assets:install web

Now all you have to do is point your browser to http://www.yourproject.com/documentor/index.html


Contact
-------

To come in contact is actually dead simple and can be done in a variety of ways.

* Twitter: [@GajewskiArtur](http://twitter.com/GajewskiArtur)
* Github: [https://github.com/artur-gajewski](https://github.com/artur-gajewski)
* E-mail:  [info@arturgajewski.com](mailto:info@arturgajewski.com)


Want to contribute?
------------------

If you want to contribute to this project then just forkit, modify it and send a pull request. It's that dead simple!


Change log
----------

2012-10-09: Fixed some issues with path variables for generating documentation

Commit message:

Changed the text a little to make it more readable

README.md, after:

README
======

What is the DocumentorBundle?
-----------------------------

DocumentorBundle is a bundle for Symfony2 projects that enables generation of the project's documentation with the pp/console command, after which documentation is
accessible through the browser by entering the location of the newly generated documentation.


Features
--------

The DocumentorBundle supports the following:

* *Generates documentation with a simple console command.
* *No need to enter source and target paths.
* *Configurable to make sure it only works in your development environment.


Requirements
------------

The DocumentorBundle requires the following:

* PHP 5.3.3 or higher
* [phpDocumentor2](https://github.com/phpDocumentor/phpDocumentor2) 
* The phpdoc command should be callable


Installation
------------

Go to your project directory and add the following line to the "require" list in the composer.json file:

```php
"artur-gajewski/phpdocumentor-bundle": "dev-master"
```

Now run Composer:

```php
php composer.phar install
```

Finally, add the bundle into the AppKernel.php file in your Symfony2 project.

```php
$bundles[] = new \Aga\DocumentorBundle\DocumentorBundle();
```

Thats it! If you wish to install this bundle manually, install the contents of this package into src/Aga/DocumentorBundle folder.


How to use the DocumentorBundle?
--------------------------------

Go to your project root and run the command:

    $ app/console documentation:create

This command will go through your src/ folder and create documentation based on the files within that folder.

Once the generation of documentation is complete, you need to install the assets into the web folder:

    $ app/console assets:install web

Now all you have to do is point your browser to http://www.yourproject.com/documentor/index.html


Contact
-------

To come in contact is really simple and can be done in a variety of ways.

* Twitter: [@GajewskiArtur](http://twitter.com/GajewskiArtur)
* Github: [https://github.com/artur-gajewski](https://github.com/artur-gajewski)
* E-mail:  [info@arturgajewski.com](mailto:info@arturgajewski.com)


Want to contribute?
-------------------

If you want to contribute to this project then just fork it, modify it and send a pull request. It's dead simple!


Change log
----------

2012-10-09: Fixed some issues with path variables for generating documentation
